# Playlist of the Year: [Coding Octopus 2015](https://play.spotify.com/user/lrlna/playlist/0Tw7yU5wPRIm8cLk52Yg1K)

## January:
- January 16th -- Joined #makeupconf Slack. Pretty much the most important, and first even of the year. Wouldn't have gotten through the year without this group of women.
- Did go to a bunch of shows/galleries: it's about time @ Gallery295 was I think the most interesting. 

## February:
- [Florida](https://twitter.com/floriidaaa) conviced me to try to submit to CascadiaJS. I had a pretty stupid topic to talk about, so I am really thankful it didn't get picked o.O 
- Also got introduced to [Katie](https://twitter.com/KatieK2) who was *so incredibly helpful* with helping me debunk my talk. Referred to her emails throughout the year when making more proposals :sparkles:
- Art Shows: Topographics @ James Black Gallery & print exhibit @ Dynamo Gallery
- went to Codess Vancouver. Enterprise-y coding event for women coders. Was super awkward actually, but really nice to meet some of the women I've mentored with at Ladies Learning Code (outside of Ladies Learning Code). One of the spearkers was talking about how she hasn't coded for the last 15 years... at a coding event... lolololol
- Mentored at Girls Learning Code HTML/CSS event
- Met some amazing people through Vancouver meetups: Jenn, Brooke, Xavier

## March:
- Flew to Alberta to visit parents for a week. Developed on my little tiny netbook haha that was fun
- Ask for a raise/tried to renogotiate my contract/title. Meeting got hella postponed. Super frustrating month with bills and such :sob:
  * had a *ton* of help from makeupconf ladies about wording this and all sorts of moral support <3 
- Ran a 5km race. I think my time was ~34min :tada:
- Met with Vancouver meatspace folks for wafffffflessssss :cookie:
- Went to UBC Dialogues on Eradicating Child Poverty in BC. Really eye opening, educational event; was also nice to meet up with other UBC alum from other disciplines.

## April:
- Mentored at Girls Learning Code Ruby event! 
- Started going for hikes pretty much every weekend. 
- Heard the Great Requiem at Vancouver Symphony. One of the most amazing performances I've seen so far. 
- still no news on dat raise I asked for
- Went for a day trip to one of the near by lakes (can't remember which one :|) for a friend's birthday.
- Went to Linux Fest in Bellingham for one of the days. Super awkward experience being one of 10 women at a 500 person event. One lady also told me my skirt was too short for that event ahahhahahahahaha
- the month where I decided to start wearing lipstick. Thanks to makeupconf, obvs

## May:
- Still hiking every weekend :mount_fuji: :sunrise_over_mountains:
- got a pair of glasses that finally wasn't from a thrift store. Took forever to get reimbursed from work's insurance though :sob:
- got a notice from student loans people that I need to be paying them a *lot* more money, i.e. money that i wasn't even nearly making
- Interviewed with Monstercat + got a 3 months contract with them with enough money to pay student loans :moneybag: yay!
- At the same time started interviewing with Shopify. 
- Resigned from RunGo
- Mentored at Girls Learning Code HTML/CSS and Pixlr Event <3
- First NodeSchool, Node Brigade, dance.js -- met some amazing people! 
- Went to an event at Brewhouse and met + hang out with some of our awesome vancouver devs !!
- Florida and I started working on _LoudPlaces_; it was really awesome to work on something cool outside of work hours.
- Jenn from Code && Coffee conviced me to speak at Code && Coffee
- Applied for a scholarship to CascadiaJS!

## June:
- Started with Monstercat! 
- Found out that I got the scholarship to CascadiaJS!  
- Hiking every weekend! :mount_fuji:
- Mentored at: Ladies Learning Code JavaScript event, Girls Learning Code father/daughter Scratch Event
- built my first ever bb command line module with [wombats](https://github.com/lrlna/wombatjs)
- Spoke at Code && Coffee about building command line modules with node. :tada: :star:
- Met Steve from Code && Coffee

## July:
- Got asked to teach some of the lessons for Girls Learning Code camp <3. First time teaching with the organization! :star2:
- went to CascadiaJS!!
- Met some incredible people IRL including: Una, Helen, Tracy, Katie, Lydia, Caleb, Byron, Rebecca, Tessa, Jennifer, Myles, Stephanie, Tara, Amy, Ashley!
- Got flown out to Ottawa to interview with Shopify. This is the first time ever getting flown to interview with places. Had an amazing time interviewing and just exploring Ottawa. Met up with old friends who live there now + went to a Ukrainian festival... naturally...
- Did not end up getting Shopify after all. Still consider it one of the best interview processes I went through. 
- Lots of hiking still :mount_fuji:

## August:
- Finished contract with Monstercat, and they did not want to renew. Was pretty sad about it for quite a while. 
- The start of job search is now. 
- lots of hiking! Highlight: did the Baden Powell b/w Lynn Valley - Grouse Mountain (~12km), and hiked Lynn Peak
- Mentored at nodeschool vancouver edition
- Parents came to visit for the weekend... right after I became jobless too. ~Fun!~
- had a bunch of initial interviews after some amazing friends sending me connectzzzz through twitter. Feeelin' pretty good + optimistic
- Started this repo!

## September:
- September was a month of me feelin' like shit basically. Spent a week locked up at home reading Harry Potter; mainly because I re-read that series anytime I want to be happy. Kind of worked at the end. Got a bit more passion for projects. 
- Really wanted to apply to speak at Empire Node about command line modules. Given that I was feelin' like shit (see above), didn't end up applying. 
- Interviews interviews interviews that went nowhere blah blah ugh ugh ugh (#toosoon to write this whole autumn chapter probably)
- Instructed at Ruby Ladies Learning Code event! WOOT!
- Mentored at Ladies Learning Code python event! Finally seen Meredith after a *long* time
- Applied to speak at Node Interactive + JSConf Last Call because I realized I had nothing to lose. 
- started working on [cli-texting](https://github.com/lrlna/cli-texting) that was to be part of my talk if I were to give it; also thought it was a cool thing to work on
- Got a tendinitus in my foot at the end of the month. 

## October:
- Got flown to San Francisco to interview with Slack.
  * Could barely walk due to the above mentioned tendinitus
  * Trip was super stressful: had to pay :moneybag::moneybag: for roaming cause I couldn't find wifi + hotel charged my already maxed out credit card for the stay even though it was paid for. CAD exchange rate + SF hotel prices = :sob::sob:. Thankfully I brought some cash with me and could buy dinner. 
  * ^ (they did end up refunding, but was incredibly stressful for following couple of days)
  * HIGHLIGHT: Met with Mo, Duretti and Kiran IRL while there YAY!
  * HIGHLIGHT: had pretty amazing cups of coffee at Blue Bottle and Sightglass(?)
- Instructed at Hackapalooza Ladies Learning Code Event! 
  * Slack emailed me that I didn't get it right in the middle so that was fun fun fun fun ~fun~
- moarr interviews that I didn't think went anywhere. At this point I am p much out of moneys. Thankfully could postpone student loans till Feb.
- mentored at Javascript Ladies Learning Code event
- applied to participate at [Data4Change](https://data4chan.ge) after Ainsley told me about it. 
- Finally went to a show after a long time of not going out (thanks Eubene for dragging me out):  _NBD Presents Mesa Luna_
- Read a book on Complexity, which got me to work on a little [celullar automata](https://github.com/lrlna/cellular-automata)
- Got accepted to speak at *BOTH* Node Interactive and JSConf and got invited to go to Beirut for Data4Change, all in a span of ~3 days. Cried for an entire day about it all (the good kind of tears)


## November:
- Mentored at nodeschool vancouver edition
- Instructed at National Girls Learning Code Day, which was pretty amazing. We crushed Mozilla's servers.
- Had _two_ different companies ask me questions from Eric Elliot's guide to interviews a week after they came out. Literally wanted to hide under a desk and not see the world ever again.
- Needless to say: mooarr interviews
- Had a post cascadia event at Ludica. Super fun to hang out with the cool JavaScripters and play board games :sparkles:
- Started contract with TELUS! 
- Went to Beirut to participate in Data4Change workshop. Worked with [Violation Documentation Center in Syria](http://www.vdc-sy.info/index.php/en/home) and their data. 
- Met amazing people who do some amazing work with world's human right organizations in the Middle East.
- Met Ainsley IRL!

## December:
- A month of horrible jetlag basically. But I loved it anyway. 
- Got this *amazing* Liz Watier red lipstick :lipstick:
- Spoke at JSConf Last Call in Florida! AHH!! 
- Met so many wonderful && amazing people IRL finally! Shoutout to Jane, Rachel, Milan, Jden, Dustin, Kass, Mariko
- [Spoke](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLat0Y3jqUA) at NodeInteractive in Portland! AHHH!
- Hung out with Milan + Dustin + Rachel for an extra day in Portland which was super fun! 
- Ate amazing pizza at Sizzle Pie, and got Dr. Zhivago in Russian at Powell's books. Super happy about that. 
- Flight from Portland got cancelled on the way back, so I had to stay another night. That was ~fun~.
- Went to Victoria to mentor at CodeCreate right after coming back from Portland with Steve + Brooke. The ferry back got cancelled, so we had to stay on the island for extra night. #monthofcancellations
- A ton of resting + more jetlag after conferences. 
- Did a secret-snowflake exchange with makeupconf ladies which was the best spirit lifter ever. Got a really awesome set of rings + Bilibin inspired neckalace from Kelsey <3
